Hello! If you're reading this, you're probably in CHIP 490 with me. I'm excited to work, learn, and grow with you over the next few weeks. This is my final semester at UNC (time really flies) and I decided to join this class because I am so inspired by the possibilities of data interoperability, particularly in the overburdened mental health domain. Organizations have been hard at work building systems to interpret and collect valuable mental health data from their constituents, but much of that data has nearly no practical use outside of the system it originated from, because there's no agreed-upon way to express its meaning. 

My background is all over: I am currently managing the digital assets for a woman's organization with over 300 chapters across the US and Canada. I have past experience building EHR & EdTech interfaces, building faceted organization systems, developing usability documentation, and revamping a health department's information architecture. I'm in the CHIP program and studied clinical science/microbiology/public health as an undergraduate. I have a strong affinity for improving the mental health of young people, whether that's through access to clinicians or personalized applications. I recognize the complexity of the space and know that there's no 'one-size-fits-all' solution, particularly because mental health presents so differently among cultures, races, genders, and social classes.

For this class project, I hope to prototype a mental health application capable of sharing complex health information from a user to a mental health decision-maker. I'm really flexible to what data gets shared, but hope it has practical applications for those struggling with momentary problems like negative thoughts, ruminations or distractibility. I am not the strongest programmer, but will contribute to a group effort with my understanding of relational models and mental health presentations/solutions. 

Ash
